Command line tools for working with UE4 projects.
Full Windows support. 
Most commands work in OSX (project, plugin, module and code generation) some need improvement (opening project and building from command line is not tested yet)
Build and Cook are working in Linux.

```
Usage: ue4cli <Command>

Commands:
  add module <Name>             Add new module to current project or plugin.
  add plugin <Name>             Create and add new plugin to current project.
  add bpfl [Name]               Add a function library to current module, if one does not exist.
  add class <Name> <BaseType>   Add new class to current module.
  add dataasset <Name>          Add a data asset class with given name.
  add interface <Name>          Add new interface to current module.
  add project <Name>            [Deprecated] Create new project.
  add tablerow <Name>           Add a data table row struct with given name.
  build [Config] [--dump]       Build project. --dump - Dump configuration file to the console.
  clean                         Clean project and plugins from build files.
  code                          Open Source Code Editor for current project.
  convert                       Convert copied clipboard data to json file.
  cook [Config] [--dump]        Cook project with cook settings. --dump - Dump configuration file to the console.
  create_config                 Create empty template or project config in current module or project.
  diff <LeftFile> <RightFile>   Launch UE4 diff tool to diff two files.
  editor                        Open UE4 Editor for current project.
  generate                      Generate Source Code Solution for current project.
  get_ue_root                   Get UE root of associated UE build.
  help                          Display help.
  init                          [Deprecated] Initialize working environment, create Libraries.sln.
  merge [Base] [Local] [Remote] [Result]        Launch UE4 diff tool to merge conflict file.
  merge_lfs <File>              Launch UE4 diff tool to merge conflict file. Works for Git LFS conflict files.
  pch_cleanup                   Cleanup PCH file errors sometime generated by Visual Studio - fatal error C1853
  uuid set <GUID>               Set project's UI uuid identifier in the registry for source builds only.
  uuid show                     Show project's UI uuid identifier.
  version                       Display ue4cli tool version.
